The Joe Rogan experience. If anybody's got the answers.
It's Chaco gotten the answers.
Oh, uh, I'm not quite so sure about that. I'm not sure how this movie ends.
The dumbest movie. Do you know magic? The gathering is now racist.
I don't even know what magic the gathering is. Dorky game that the nerds play.
Oh, sorry. How was it? How is it racist? Um, I don't know.
It was just re I only saw the title of the article that they're trying to cancel
magic. The gathering. I'm like, oh, Christ.
I thought that thought you guys liked. I thought they liked magic.
The gathering. I have. No, everything's, everything's, everything's problematic.
Everyone's getting canceled. It's amazing how many people did blackface.
Yeah. It's very strange. It's very strange.
It's very strange. I mean, he's on, it was on prime time TV, right? Yeah.
A bunch of times. Yeah. I mean like in the modern world, prime time TV.
Jimmy Fallon was doing well. He's doing a Chris rock impression,
which by the way, you used to be able to do. When I was in high school,
my friends were Mr. T for Halloween, nobody gave a. Nobody was like, Jimmy,
what's wrong with you? Everybody's like, oh, you're Mr. T for Halloween.
It was never like a problem. It's very, it's a very strange thing.
You know, like you can do white face. No problem. Here it is. What is his magic?
The gathering.
Invoke prejudice card. That's a.
It's an enchantment card,
which restricts the casters opponents only using summons that matched the skin
color of their opposing creatures.
Huh?
This is you. If you brought me on to talk about this, I should leave now about,
about magic, the gathering. And this is why I'm here, man. We're in a bad way.
Shows.
How up everything is. Uh, there's a.
Lot of thin skin out there right now. Apparently.
I just don't. I mean, it seems like a perfect storm.
Like if you wanted to engineer the downfall of society,
you would do it in several steps.
You would have a reality show president where everybody's mad at him.
And then all the liberals get their feathers in a ruffle and everybody gets
real, super uptight. And,
and then there's this big divide between the left and the right that's kind of,
you know,
manufactured and then you'd have this disease just lock everyone inside.
Yeah. Unprecedented lock, shut down the economy force people to not work.
So if your business falls apart, you could be the most hardworking diligent,
disciplined person. Who's always at work hour early,
always has your I's dotted and your T's crossed and you still go broke and
you're still.
And then you have this George Floyd thing and then boom.
It just ignites the, okay. The.
Other thing that you have to wrap around all this is this social media,
which is, you know,
I'm only going to post things that are just going to completely make everyone
that sees whatever I'm posting emotional and, and filled with rage.
Whether you're on the left or you're on the right. My goal is to enrage people.
That's the goal. And then that just gets spun up over and over.
So you're taking all these little incidents and you're multiplying times
thousands and thousands of views.
Now it's an.
And, and then on top of that, mainstream media is the same thing, right?
It's not like there's this huge difference between what the mainstream media
shows and what social media. They're both these both almost emotional media,
just trying to make people emotional, which is the worst possible thing.
No one makes good decisions when they're emotional. No,
I spent my adult life trying to train humans to not get emotional in pressure
situations. Why? Because it's going to end up bad every single time,
every single time. And yet that's what our,
that's what our society is based on right now.
But it's based on these emotional reactions. Yeah, because.
Of social media, I think.
And because of things like YouTube and user created content where anybody can
kind of make videos.
So many things are vying for folks' attention that mainstream media
has resorted to click baity cut type.
Whether it's a New York times articles, which you know,
used to be beyond reproach, that there they've gone,
social justice warrior and click baity.
And all these other websites are a hundred percent click baity.
That's the only way they can get people to pay attention.
Like I saw like the dumbest article, I couldn't believe how dumb it was.
It was an article on Ozark is like, has Ozark been canceled?
And I'm like, they canceled that show. That shows amazing.
So then I click on the article.
The entire article is about a guy who couldn't find season one
on Ozark because there was a glitch and then he found it. And so it's not.
So the whole article was just, but they got me. They get everybody.
They got their advertising dollars because they can show the engagement with
them. Exactly.
Well, here's a good one.
CNN showed a guy got shot yesterday in San Bernardino.
Um, a Hispanic man got shot in San Bernandino. So that's the title.
The title of the article is Hispanic.
Man gets gunned down by the police in San Bernardino.
What they leave out is the guy had a gun and was shooting at the cops.
So this guy's got a gun there's photos of this gentleman with a gun.
And there's a cop on his knees about the shoot, that guy,
the guy standing in front of a gas station. There's gas pumps. I mean,
I maybe felt like they wouldn't shoot at him because the gas tanks were right
behind him. The pumps were right behind him, but why would they leave that out?
Guy with gun in gunfight with cops dies is the right
title. Not Hispanic man gunned down by cops.
Like they're literally trying to incite anger and violence.
They know that you read that and you say Hispanic man shot by cops.
Like these mother they're murderers. They won't stop.
And they leave out this picture of this man with a gun pointing it.
You're looking at me like, I'm going to say some kind of really profound answer.
I got nothing for you because, because of your you're exactly right.
That what is, what do they set up that headline for it's outrage, people,
anyone that actually opens it up and reads,
it would actually probably say something like, Hmm,
sounds like the cops did a good job on that one and killed a bad guy before he
blew up a gas station in her. It killed a bunch of innocent people, but that's,
that's obviously not that I think if you try to write a headline,
the other way of how these heroic cops face, man, with gun,
eliminate him before he can cause terror in this neighborhood,
that would be a nice headline to read,
but you're not going to see it not today because it's not going to drive enough
people crazy.
Today. If your wife tweets all lives matter,
you can get sh you can get fired. You doesn't even have to be you anymore.
All lives matter.
Just imagine the time we're saying all lives matter is so
controversial that you could get fired.
Didn't that happen to a soccer player or something? Yeah. Yes.
A soccer player. His wife tweeted, something like that.
Yeah. The guy who runs the Kings or the guy,
who's the commentator for the Kings, they fired him.